when user set pin for account it dosnt take effect after user leavs the app and combace 
the pin is netirely erased and user is asked to set a new one fix this, once user set pin and 
tries leave the leaving oive app enterly and comes back before accessing the oliver right after 
the oive chat splash screen they should be required to enter thier pin to unlock the olive chat 
that is if user has prevously set pin.

in the profile tab or screen in the olive chat the indivual post dont carry the user 
profile picture as it should insted its showing just green blank and aslo the user display 
name is not showing on the post that will indicate which user post it is just like it is on 
the home screen fix this from root couse as well.

the set pin option shouldnt be found directly in the profile screen or tab insted it should 
be in a mue in the profile screen or tabe that when user click the mneu the should find the 
edit profile option and set pasword option. also the edit profile should have where user can 
cacle incas the user dont want to edit profile any more for now its only the save button that is avable.

in the profile screen on tabe remove the text and icon my poost becouse not just the user
 post will be displayed here 
but all post that the user was taged in.

the seach user feture is not working as it should fix this from root couse user should be 
able to search any user including thier selfs and view other user profile as vistors with 
no right to edit, but if user is viewing self profile then there ius no need for the visotors view.

in the bulletten screen the like and coming both made on the prvous buttens and todays bulleten 
section dont show whe page is loaded or user navigates to page except when user open an indivual 
bulleten then the entire likes and comments are made visble to user fix this from root couse all 
like and commnet s shouldbe visible soon as user navigate to bulleten screen just like it is in 
the olive chat posts.


add a proper skelleton loader to the olive chat that will show insted 
of the roting loader that currently there

the poduct puchase option when clikced or buy now option when click should requere 
user to select either pick up product immidatly on site or delevery if pick up on sit 
user should be generate a standared puchase invoice and invoice also sent to thier email 
as well as have the fuitter chechout 
so user can proceed with payment after which payment has been made and verified automaticlly 
becouse its a pick imidiatly user should have collection code genrated and a bar code that 
can be scaned to confirm the user payment for the precise product same gose for the code , 
here admin can verify paument when the scan the code with thier camera a redirect link 
should apaear when clicked should redirecrt admin the org admin oage where product will 
be veried that payment has been made for it same gose for the code org admin should 
be able to verfy product payment with code in the org admin section as well.

 
where user selects delevery the should be required to add shipping info after which 
invoice is genrated, sent to their email while the check out for pops up for user to 
complet payment. after user complets payment, impliment a prduct order realtime tracking
 where user can track thier deleverie sin realtime.

in the olive shop home screen ad the adto cat button as well and make ure that no 
matter what the amount of product title text all producs displaying in the front end are of equal hights.

in the creat category section in the org-admin add all the line icons so user can 
ueasy search an select the required icon for any category the creat insted of an emoji.